Update comparison page (#2865)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/what_is_meilisearch/comparison_to_alternatives.mdx

Meilisearch is a perfect choice if you need a simple and easy tool to deploy a typo-tolerant search bar. It provides prefix searching capability, makes search intuitive for users, and returns results instantly with excellent relevance out of the box.

> For a more detailed analysis of how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our [Elasticsearch comparison page](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-elasticsearch/).

Reviewer: Can you please add `?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=docs&utm_medium=comparison` at the end of the URL?

> For a more detailed analysis of how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our [Elasticsearch comparison page](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-elasticsearch/).

Author: ```suggestion
For a more detailed analysis of how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our [Elasticsearch comparison page](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-elasticsearch/?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=docs&utm_medium=comparison).
```

> For a more detailed analysis of how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our [Elasticsearch comparison page](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-elasticsearch/?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=docs&utm_medium=comparison).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a more detailed analysis of how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our [blog post on Elasticsearch](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-elasticsearch/?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=docs&utm_medium=comparison).
```

#### Typesense

> Like Meilisearch, Typesense is a lightweight open-source search engine optimized for speed. To better understand how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our detailed [Typesense comparison page](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-typesense/).

Reviewer: Can you please add `?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=docs&utm_medium=comparison` at the end of the URL?

> Like Meilisearch, Typesense is a lightweight open-source search engine optimized for speed. To better understand how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our detailed [Typesense comparison page](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-typesense/).

Author: ```suggestion
Like Meilisearch, Typesense is a lightweight open-source search engine optimized for speed. To better understand how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our detailed [Typesense comparison page](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-typesense/?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=docs&utm_medium=comparison).
```

> Like Meilisearch, Typesense is a lightweight open-source search engine optimized for speed. To better understand how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our detailed [Typesense comparison page](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-typesense/?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=docs&utm_medium=comparison).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Like Meilisearch, Typesense is a lightweight open-source search engine optimized for speed. To better understand how it compares with Meilisearch, refer to our [blog post on Typesense](https://blog.meilisearch.com/meilisearch-vs-typesense/?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=docs&utm_medium=comparison).
```
